Add tutorials section + Wazo-Auth Authentication tutorial (#485)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/tutorials/authenticate-user-wazo-api.md

Title: How to Authenticate a User From Wazo APIs
Date: 2022-06-22 10:00:00
Author: Pascal Cadotte Michaud
Category: Developper's Tutorial
Slug: authenticate-user-wazo-api
OgImage: authenticate-user-wazo-api-og.jpg
Thumbnail: authenticate-user-wazo-api-thumbnail.jpg
Status: published

> > Original content comes from [Refresh Token in Wazo](/blog/wazo-auth-refresh-token) blog post.

Author: Should we mention that?

I can also make a redirect from the blog post to the tutorial. Content are almost the same.

| `Content-Type: application/json` | HTTP header that indicates that the body of our request is JSON.                                                         |
| `-u "<username>:<password>"`     | A parameter that specifies the username and password we wish to authenticate with.                                       |
| `-d '{"expiration": 3600}'`      | A parameter that specifies the body of our request. In this example, we set the expiration of the token to 3600 seconds. |

#### Analysing Create Token Response

The response from this request looks like below. The value in `data.token` is your access token. You
will use it on any subsequent queries using the `X-Auth-Token` header to act as the authenticated
user.

```javascript
{
  "data": {
    "token": "dc93c753-6ced-4433-9abf-fde629a69a07",
    "expires_at": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000000",
    ...
  }
}
```

Now as you have noticed, your token has an **expiration**. This means that at some point in the
future you will want to create a new token to keep using the API. When the API user is a human
writing an HTTP request, that is quite simple, all you've got to do is repeat the token creation
process.

> But if the API consumer is an application it's not that straight forward. You can't either use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if the API consumer is an application, it's not that straightforward. You can't either use a
```
